when I first
bust a move I imagined a dancing game
hence the title but was pleasently the
right surprised to find out it was a
retro classic bust-a-move is a new
updated version of bubble bash or bi
bedroom in which you connect thread the
same color to eliminate them until there
is none left the game is pretty simple
one has no complicated instructions but
I find the game become boring provide
these complicated instructions it was
that simple mr. positive and somewhat
boring people who like bubble burst or
let the scheme though as it is
practically the same game with the
addition of new para it mentioned on the
cover of the game featured up to eight
playable people while I struggle to find
out how as the Wii is only capable of
sinking form residences in time so if
anyone knows how feel free to comment
below the game has countless number of
levels frightened on different areas I
couldn't see much difference between
this humble birth and it is plainly just
in that dated version for a new console
the controls a perfect u tilde Wii
Remote either way to aim when firing
then press the a button to shoot fuel
out of five this game deserves a three
and a half as it only really appeals to
people who like although I did enjoy the
game though but only for a while it's
one of those games that you have to be
in a certain mood to play bubble burst
OOP sorry I meant bust-a-move it's worth
or buy if you like these kind of games
if you have never tried this type of
game before then it is worth the try so
you may find yourself bored after about
20 minutes of play